[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1961 romantic comedy film
Breakfast at Tiffany's so let's get
started as the film opens we see a taxi
pulling up at Tiffany & Company and
Holly Golightly emerges carrying her
breakfast after looking into the shops
windows she strolls home outside her
apartment she fends off her date from
the night before later she is awakened
by her new neighbour paul varjak who
rings the doorbell to get into the
building the pair chat as she dresses to
leave for her weekly visit to Sally
tomato an incarcerated mobster as she is
leaving Holly is introduced to a wealthy
older woman who Paul has nicknamed tui
that night Holly goes out onto a fire
escape and peeks into Paul's apartment
seem to e leaving money and kissing Paul
good night after tui leaves Holly enters
Paul's apartment and learns that he is a
writer
Holly talks about saving money to
support her brother Fred the pair fall
asleep but are awakened when Holly has a
nightmare about Fred
when Paul questions her Holly scolds him
for prying and leaves she later by his
Paul a typewriter ribbon to apologize
and invites him to a party at her
apartment there Paul meets Jose a
wealthy Brazilian politician and rusty
trawler the ninth richest man in America
under fifty one day
tui comes to Paul's apartment worried
that she's being followed Paul
investigates him confronts doc Golightly
Holly's estranged husband doc explains
that Holly's real name is Lula Mae
Barnes and that they were married when
she was 14 he wants to take her back to
Texas as her brother Fred will be
returning from service in a few months
after Paul reunites Holly and Doc she
tells Paul that the marriage was
annulled and tells doc that she will not
return to Texas with him Holly tells
Paul that she plans to marry trawler for
his money
Paul learns that one of his short
stories will be published and on the way
to sell Holly
he sees that trawler has married someone
else Holly and Paul spend the day
together and at Tiffany's Paul has the
ring from dr. Lee's box of Cracker Jacks
in grave as a present for Holly
after spending the night together he
awakens to find her gone
when tui arrives Paul ends their
relationship
Holly schemes to marry Jose for his
money which angers Paul Holly receives a
telegram notifying her of her brother's
death months later Paul has moved out he
is invited to dinner by Holly who is
leaving for Brazil to continue her
relationship with Jose
however they are arrested in connection
with Sally tomato's drug ring and Holly
spends the night in jail
the next morning Holly is released and
finds Paul waiting he has her cat and a
letter from Jose explaining he must end
the relationship due to her arrest
Holly insists that she will go to Brazil
anyway and releases the cat out of the
cab Paul confronts Holly about his love
and her behavior and gets out of a cab
to find the cat tossing the engraved
Cracker Jack ring into her lap she puts
the ring on and runs after Paul after
finding the cat Paul and Holly share a
kiss as the film concludes so that was
the spoilers for breakfast at tiffany's
if you have another film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts on reviews from some social media
and make sure to check out our Instagram
giveaways and also remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching